FiBo-185: Work on RUP documentation (#58)
Cebox82/FiBo: docs/RUP_Architecture.md

In summary, the main mode of communication between processes in this system is message passing. The user interface process, cashflow management process, data storage process, authentication and authorization process, and backend integration process all communicate with each other through message passing (whether it is HTTP, IPC or SQL-based).

### Deployment View

Because the software is not meant to be deployed for wide-range usage, it is only deployed for development as well as presentation purposes.

There is no need to have multiple pieces of hardware.
However, the running Android app needs to be able to connect to the backend.
This can be achieved by layer 2 networking.

From a process based view, all Android app related processes run on the (emulated) mobile phone. All other processes run inside a dockerized environment.

> In case that an emulated mobile phone is used, and also the backend is running on the same physical machine, it is recommended to have at least four CPU cores.

Author: by common sense? XD

> In case that an emulated mobile phone is used, and also the backend is running on the same physical machine, it is recommended to have at least four CPU cores.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
In case that an emulated mobile phone is used, and also the backend is running on the same physical machine, we recommend to have at least four CPU cores.
```

In that way it does not sound like somewhere is written down to have atleast four CPU cores. It is just a recommendation by FiBo

### Implementation View

The FiBo implementation model follows a layered architecture pattern, with three core layers: the presentation layer, the application layer, and the data access layer. Each layer has its own subsystems, which are responsible for specific functionalities. The layers and subsystems are described in detail below:

1. Presentation Layer:
    The presentation layer is responsible for the app's user interface and interacts directly with the user. This layer consists of the following subsystems:
    - User Interface: This subsystem manages the Android app's user interface and handles user input and output

>     - Authentication and Authorization: This subsystem is responsible for authenticating users and authorizing their access to the app's functionality.

Author: where would you put it? :)

2. Application Layer:
    The application layer provides the business logic and implements the use cases of the FiBo app. This layer consists of the following subsystems:
    - Cashflow Management: This subsystem manages the cashflows ("cash transactions") made by the user and communicates with the data access layer to store and retrieve transaction data.

>     - Backend Integration: This subsystem is responsible for integrating the Android app with the Django backend and communicates with the data access layer to retrieve and send data to the backend.

Author: local storage is solely a caching for the backend storage, I would not put it here. It adds nothing to the architecture of the Software except a performance improvement. As there is no further benefit, its importance for the architecture implies it shouldn't be mentioned here.

>     - Backend Integration: This subsystem is responsible for integrating the Android app with the Django backend and communicates with the data access layer to retrieve and send data to the backend.

Reviewer: With "local storage" I mean the storage of jwt as this is not stored in the database
